toda persona
persona derecho
artículo toda
derechos libertades
naciones unidas
derechos humanos
artículo nadie
respeto derechos
libertades proclamados
proclamados declaración
derecho igual
igual protección
podrá ser
derecho protección
derecho libertad
asamblea general
seres humanos
considerando esencial
pueblos naciones
derechos fundamentales
fundamentales hombre
hombres mujeres
nivel vida
libertades fundamentales
presente declaración
nacional internacional
distinción alguna
artículo individuo
individuo derecho
nadie sometido
protección ley
nadie podrá
cualquier país
propósitos principios
principios naciones
unidas artículo
matrimonio matrimonio
sociedad derecho
individual colectivamente
derecho incluye
religión creencia
desarrollo personalidad
asegure así
así familia
protección social
instrucción elemental
adoptada proclamada
proclamada asamblea
general resolución
resolución iii
iii diciembre
diciembre preámbulo
preámbulo considerando
considerando libertad
libertad justicia
justicia paz
paz mundo
mundo base
base reconocimiento
reconocimiento dignidad
dignidad intrínseca
intrínseca derechos
derechos iguales
iguales inalienables
inalienables miembros
miembros familia
familia humana
humana considerando
considerando desconocimiento
desconocimiento menosprecio
menosprecio derechos
humanos originado
originado actos
actos barbarie
barbarie ultrajantes
ultrajantes conciencia
conciencia humanidad
humanidad proclamado
proclamado aspiración
aspiración elevada
elevada hombre
hombre advenimiento
advenimiento mundo
mundo seres
humanos liberados
liberados temor
temor miseria
miseria disfruten
disfruten libertad
libertad palabra
palabra libertad
libertad creencias
creencias considerando
esencial derechos
humanos protegidos
protegidos régimen
régimen derecho
derecho fin
fin hombre
hombre vea
vea compelido
compelido supremo
supremo recurso
recurso rebelión
rebelión tiranía
tiranía opresión
opresión considerando
esencial promover
promover desarrollo
desarrollo relaciones
relaciones amistosas
amistosas naciones
naciones considerando
considerando pueblos
unidas reafirmado
reafirmado carta
carta fe
fe derechos
hombre dignidad
dignidad valor
valor persona
persona humana
humana igualdad
igualdad derechos
derechos hombres
mujeres declarado
declarado resueltos
resueltos promover
promover progreso
progreso social
social elevar
elevar nivel
vida dentro
dentro concepto
concepto amplio
amplio libertad
libertad considerando
considerando miembros
miembros comprometido
comprometido asegurar
asegurar cooperación
cooperación organización
organización naciones
unidas respeto
respeto universal
universal efectivo
efectivo derechos
hombre considerando
considerando concepción
concepción común